<div style="display: block;">Switches make forwarding decisions based on:<br>A. MAC address<br>B. IP address<br>C. Random allocation<br>D. Nothing; switches forward all frames on all ports</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of the following is a public IP address?<br>A. 10.110.15.1<br>B. 172.24.50.240<br>C. 192.168.10.38<br>D. 128.14.42.70</div>

<div style="display: block;">The process of adding a header to the data inherited from the layer above is called?<br>A. Segmenting<br>B. Encapsulation<br>C. Fragmenting<br>D. Appending</div>

<div style="display: block;">What physical network topology consist of all connected devices connecting to one central device, such as a switch?<br>A. Bus topology <br>B. Ring topology<br>C. Hub topology <br>D. Star topology</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of the following is not a broadcast address<br>A. 10.0.0.127/24<br>B. 10.0.0.127/25<br>C. 10.0.0.127/26<br>D. 10.0.0.127/27</div>

<div style="display: block;">Analog signals are boosted by:<br>A. Switches<br>B. Hubs<br>C. Repeaters<br>D. Amplifiers</div>

<div style="display: block;">What is the name for the protocol data unit (PDU) of the data link layer<br>A. Packet<br>B. Data<br>C. Bit<br>D. Frame</div>

<div style="display: block;">Text that has been scrambled by an encryption algorithm is known as:<br>A. Ciphertext<br>B. Cryptotext<br>C. Secret text<br>D. Private text</div>

<div style="display: block;">Devices generally connect to a network via a port on their _______________(NIC)<br>A. Network intelligence card<br>B. Network interconnection card<br>C. Network and internet card<br>D. Network interface card</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of the following is a document that is sent as a request to vendors to submit a proposal for a product or service that your company wants to purchase?<br>A. Memorandum of understanding<br>B. Statement of work<br>C. Request for quote <br>D. Request for proposal</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of the following is not one of the disadvantages of peer to peer networks?<br>A. They lack scalability<br>B. They are not necessarily secure <br>C. They are impractical for connecting large numbers of components<br>D. They centralise user account logins</div>

<div style="display: block;">The trailer of the ethernet frame:<br>A. Signals to the receiving node that the bytes following are the actual frame<br>B. Provides the MAC address of the. Source and destination nodes<br>C. Specifies the transport layer protocol carried in the frame<br>D. Ensures that the data received by the destination exactly matches the data issued from the source</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of the following method used by a switch results in the fewest errors?<br>A. Cut through<br>B. Fragment free<br>C. Store-and-forward<br>D. Token based</div>

<div style="display: block;">In networking, a socket referee to a combination of ____________ and ______________.<br>A. Domain name, IP address<br>B. IP address, port number<br>C. IP address, MAC address<br>D. MAC address, port number</div>

<div style="display: block;">What does a statement of work document do?<br>A. It documents in detail the work that must be completed for a particular object, and includes specifies such as task, deliverables, standards, payments schedule, and work timeline.<br>B. It documents the intentions of two or more parties to enter into a binding agreement, or contract and is sometimes used between an informal handshake and the legally binding signatures on contracts<br>C. It is a legally binding contract or part of a contract that defines in plain languages and in measurable terms, the aspects of a service provided to a customer, such as the service provided by ISP.<br>D. It is a contract that defines the terms of future contracts between parties, such as payment terms or arbitration arrangements</div>

<div style="display: block;">What is the name of the GUI front end that is available for the Nmap utility?<br>A. GUINmap<br>B. Zenmap<br>C. IMap<br>D. VizMap</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of the following is a routing protocol?<br>A. OSPF<br>B. IPv4<br>C. IPv6<br>D. TCP</div>

<div style="display: block;">How is traffic from multiple VLANs distinguished?<br>A. A VLAN identifier is sent in a seperate packet and frame<br>B. A VLAN identifier is added to the packet<br>C. A VLAN identifier is added to the frame<br>D. A VLAN identifier is added to the application data</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which method of transmission allows signals to travel in both directions over a medium but in only one direction at a time?<br>A. Full duplex<br>B. Half duplex<br>C. Simplex<br>D. Semi duplex</div>

<div style="display: block;">A standard network switch operates at what layer of the OSI model?<br>A. Layer 1<br>B. Layer 2<br>C. Layer 3<br>D. Layer 4</div>

<div style="display: block;">What is the default subnet mask for a class B network?<br>A. 255.0.0.0<br>B. 255.255.0.0<br>C. 255.255.255.0<br>D. 255.255.255.255</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of the following is an EGP (Exterior Gateway Protocol)<br>A. BGP<br>B. IS-IS<br>C. RIP<br>D. IPv6</div>

<div style="display: block;">According to the standard, each Ethernet frame will carry at most ______________________bytes of data.<br>A. 384<br>B. 1500<br>C. 65536<br>D. 120000</div>

<div style="display: block;">An IPv6 address consists of how many bits?​<br>A. 32<br>B. 48<br>C. 96<br>D. 128</div>

<div style="display: block;">What type of diagram is a graphical representation of a network's wire infrastructure?<br>A. Network diagram<br>B. Wiring diagram<br>C. Topology map<br>D. System diagram</div>

<div style="display: block;">There are _________________different port numbers<br>A. 256<br>B. 8192<br>C. 65536<br>D. About 4.3 billion</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of these is not a main step in the network troubleshooting process?<br>A. Identify the problem<br>B. Establish a theory of the probable cause<br>C. Test the theory to determine cause<br>D. Train staff in the use of software and equipment</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of the following statements about CSMA/CD is false?<br>A. Nodes listen to make sure that the wire is free before attempting to transmit.<br>B. If a collision is detected, nodes stop transmitting and broadcast a jam signal<br>C. Nodes wait a random back off time before attempting to resubmit<br>D. Nodes with high priority may retransmit immediately</div>

<div style="display: block;">Layer 1 of the OSI model is known as the ____________________layer.<br>A. Transmission<br>B. Physical<br>C. Transport<br>D. Presentation</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of the following types of networks is generally geographically largest?<br>A. WAN<br>B. MAN<br>C. LAN<br>D. PAN</div>

<div style="display: block;">What is the default subnet mask for A class A network?<br>A. 255.0.0.0<br>B. 255.255.0.0<br>C. 255.255.255.0<br>D. 255.255.255.255</div>

<div style="display: block;">At what layer of the OSI model do the IP, ICMP, and ARP protocols operate?<br>A. Application<br>B. Session<br>C. Transport<br>D. Network</div>

<div style="display: block;">Hubs make forwarding decisions based on:<br>A. MAC address<br>B. IP address<br>C. Random allocation<br>D. Nothing; hubs forward all frames on all ports</div>

<div style="display: block;">ARP is used to associate ___________________ and ___________________<br>A. MAC addresses, IP addresses<br>B. MAC addresses, port numbers<br>C. IP addresses, port numbers<br>D. Port numbers, domain names</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which OSI layer is divided into LLC and MAC sub layers?<br>A. Data link<br>B. Physical<br>C. Network<br>D. Transport</div>

<div style="display: block;">Tone generators are used to determine:<br>A. Cable characteristics<br>B. Where the wired pair terminates<br>C. Level of noise<br>D. Attenuation</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of the following is a valid class C IP address for a host?<br>A. 193.255.101.18<br>B. 200.258.243.201<br>C. 215.12.63.0<br>D. 225.192.159.23</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of the following options is not a likely source of electromagnetic interference?<br>A. Power lines<br>B. Motors<br>C. Fibre optic cables<br>D. Microwaves</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of the following is not performed by TCP?<br>A. Three way handshake<br>B. Sequencing<br>C. Acknowledgements <br>D. Packet fragmentation</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which tool could you use to identify the path that a packet takes between routers?<br>A. Tracet<br>B. Net stat<br>C. Ping<br>D. Ipconfig</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which cloud computing category would you choose if you only needed to access to hardware and network services, but were planning to install your own OS and application?<br>A. IaaS<br>B. PaaS<br>C. SaaS<br>D. TaaS</div>

<div style="display: block;">A change coordinator functions as what type of manager?<br>A. Project manager<br>B. Inventory manager<br>C. Human Resources manager<br>Time manager</div>

<div style="display: block;">_____________________refers to the loss of signal's strength as it travels away from the source.<br>A. Attenuation <br>B. Latency <br>C. Jitter<br>D. Noise</div>

<div style="display: block;">What range of ports is referred to as the "well-known" range of ports?<br>A. 0-1023<br>B. 512-1023<br>C. 1024-49151<br>D. 49152-65535</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which class of IP addresses is used for multicasting?<br>A. Class C<br>B. Class D<br>C. Class E<br>D. Class M</div>

<div style="display: block;">Routers make forward decisions based on:<br>A. MAC address<br>B. IP address<br>C. Random allocation<br>D. Nothing; routers forward all frames on all ports</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which layer of the OSI model is responsible for defining the format of logical addresses?<br>A. Data link<br>B. Network<br>C. Transport<br>D. Application</div>

<div style="display: block;">Frame relay is a _________________________ layer protocol, generally used for ______________________.<br>A. Data link, WANs<br>B. Data link, LANs<br>C. Physical, WANs<br>D. Physical, LANs</div>

<div style="display: block;">In the fibre optic terminology, MMF stand for?<br>A. Mixed-mode fibre<br>B. Multi-mode fibre<br>C. Maximum-mode fibre<br>D. Minimum-mode fibre</div>

<div style="display: block;">What type of documentation tool is a website that can be edited by users, allowing them to add files and photos and links between pages?<br>A. Wiki<br>B. Spreadsheet<br>C. Workgroup<br>D. Co-op</div>

<div style="display: block;">A loop back IP address begins with what number?<br>A. 254<br>B. 127<br>C. 169<br>D. 192</div>

<div style="display: block;">The preamble of the Ethernet frame:<br>A. Signals to the receiving node that the bytes following are the actual frame<br>B. Provides the MAC address of the source and destination nodes<br>C. Specifies the transport layer protocol carried in the frame<br>D. Ensures that the data the destination exactly matches the data issued from the source.</div>

<div style="display: block;">In the fibre optic terminology, SMF stand for?<br>A. Single-mode fibre<br>B. Short-mode fibre<br>C. Semi-mode fibre<br>D. Simple-mode fibre</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which method of transmission allows signals to travel in both directions over a medium simultaneously?<br>A. Half duplex<br>B. Total duplex<br>C. Full duplex<br>D. Multiplex</div>

<div style="display: block;">DNS exists at the ___________________ layer<br>A. Network<br>B. Transport<br>C. Presentation<br>D. Application</div>

<div style="display: block;">Select the layer of the OSI model that is responsible for reformatting, compressing, and/or encrypting data in a way that the application on the receiving end can read:​<br>A. Application<br>B. Presentation<br>C. Session<br>D. Transport</div>

<div style="display: block;">A port that can carry traffic for multiple VLANs is known as a(n) ______________________ port<br>A. Access<br>B. Trunk<br>C. Multi<br>D. Traffic</div>

<div style="display: block;">_____________________ is the process of a wireless device gaining Internet access through an AP (access point)<br>A. Association<br>B. Synchronisation<br>C. Connection<br>D. Activation</div>

<div style="display: block;">TCP and UDP are _________________ layer protocols<br>A. Transport<br>B. Transmission<br>C. Networks<br>D. Application</div>

<div style="display: block;">___________________ is any undesirable influence degrading or distorting a signal<br>A. Attenuation<br>B. Latency<br>C. Jitter<br>D. Noise</div>

<div style="display: block;">A type of topology where switch 1 connects to 4 workstations, and to switch 2. Switch 2 connects to 3 workstations and both switch 1 &amp; 3. Switch 3 connects to 3 workstations and to switch 2.<br>A. Bus<br>B. Star-bus<br>C. Chain-bus<br>D. Chain</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of the following statements is true?<br>A. VLANs are logical broadcast domains<br>B. VLANs are defined at the transport layer<br>C. All switches support the creation of VLANs<br>D. VLANs use access ports to exchange VLAN information</div>

<div style="display: block;">Application layer protocols fall into two categories: those that provide services to user; and those that provide utility services to _____________________<br>A. System<br>B. Network<br>C. Packet<br>D. NIC</div>

<div style="display: block;">The number of usable host addresses on a /29 subnet is:<br>A. 2<br>B. 4<br>C. 6<br>D. 8</div>

<div style="display: block;">220.33.219.11 is a ____________________ address<br>A. Class A<br>B. Class B<br>C. Class C<br>D. Class D</div>

<div style="display: block;">What command below can be used to display ​a complete summary of all network interfaces in a Windows computer?<br>A. Ipconfig/a<br>B. Ipconfig/all<br>C. Ipconfig/list<br>D. Ipconfig/show</div>

<div style="display: block;">What is the highest layer at which HTTP, FTP, and Telnet protocols operate?<br>A. Layer 5<br>B. Layer 6<br>C. Layer 7<br>D. Layer 8</div>

<div style="display: block;">Where is a demarc located in relation to the structured cabling of an enterprise environment?<br>A. In the Main Distribution Frame (MDF)<br>B. At the Intermediate Distribution Frame (IDF)<br>C. In the work area<br>D. Between the MDF and the IDF</div>

<div style="display: block;">What component of the enterprise level structured cabling serves as the location where an incoming network interface enters a building and connects with the building's backbone cabling?<br>A. Network interface device<br>B. Main distribution frame<br>C. Intermediate distribution frame<br>D. Entrance facility</div>

<div style="display: block;">The subnet mask 255.255.255.128 is equivalent to _________________ in CIDR notation<br>A. /24<br>B. /25<br>C. /26<br>D. /27</div>

<div style="display: block;">The WLAN architecture in which wireless nodes transmit directly to each other is referred to as an _________________ WLAN<br>A. Infrastructure<br>B. Arbitrary<br>C. Extensible<br>D. Ad hoc</div>

<div style="display: block;">What is the smallest subnet that will accomodate 40 host?<br>A. /24<br>B. /25<br>C. /26<br>D. /27</div>

<div style="display: block;">Routing protocols are used to:<br>A. Determine the best path through a network<br>B. Determine the formatting of logical addresses<br>C. Determining the formatting of packet headers<br>D. Determine whether a router is functioning correctly</div>

<div style="display: block;">Wireless signals may be subject to reflection, which refers to signals:<br>A. Bouncing back to the source<br>B. Splitting into secondary waves<br>C. Diffusing in multiple different directions<br>D. Being absorbed by obstacles</div>

<div style="display: block;">What is the maximum segment length for twisted pair cables?<br>A. 10m<br>B. 30m<br>C. 100m<br>D. 300m</div>

<div style="display: block;">A topology that combines together various other topologies is known as a _____________________ topology<br>A. Combination<br>B. Multiplex<br>C. Hybrid<br>D. Complex</div>

<div style="display: block;">In IPv6 normally the first __________ bits identify the network<br>A. 32<br>B. 48<br>C. 64<br>D. 96</div>

<div style="display: block;">What statement regarding main distribution frame or main distribution facilities is accurate?<br>A. The MDF and entrance facility are always in seperate rooms<br>B. The MDF refers to the racks holding network equipment in an organisation<br>C. The MDF provides intermediate connection between the IDF and end-user equipment on each floor<br>D. The MDF is the centralised point of interconnection for an organisation's LAN or WAN</div>

<div style="display: block;">What is the default subnet mask for a class C network<br>A. 255.0.0.0<br>B. 255.255.0.0<br>C. 255.255.255.0<br>D. 255.255.255.255</div>

<div style="display: block;">The header of an Ethernet frame<br>A. Signals to the receiving node that the bytes following are the actual frame<br>B. Provides the MAC address of the source and destination nodes<br>C. Specifies the transport layer protocol carried in the frame<br>D. Ensures that the data the destination exactly matches the data issued from the source</div>

<div style="display: block;">What statement correctly identifies the purpose of a software patch<br>A. A software patch is a correction, improvement, or enhancement to software<br>B. A software patch is a major change to a software package that enhances the functionality and features of the software while correcting bugs and vulnerabilities<br>C. A software patch involves the process of reverting to a previous version of software after attempting to upgrade it<br>D. A software patch is a container for new software, and must be installed on relevant devices and incorporated with network resources.</div>

<div style="display: block;">In cloud computing terminology IaaS refers to <br>A. Infrastructure as a Service<br>B. Internet as a service<br>C. Integration as a Service<br>D. Internationalisation as a Service</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of the following describes the broadcast address on IPv4 network<br>A. All host bits set to 1<br>B. All host bits set to 0<br>C. Final octet is always 255<br>D. Router defined - can be anything</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of these routing protocols is not used within an autonomous system<br>A. BGP<br>B. IS-IS<br>C. OSPF<br>D. RIP</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of the following is false<br>A. Bridging tables associate interfaces (ports) and MAC addresses<br>B. Bridging tables are used by switches<br>C. Bridging tables are used by hubs<br>D. Bridging tables are initially empty and are created by learning from traffic on the network</div>

<div style="display: block;">Ethernet exists at which layers of the OSI model? <br>a. Layer 1 &amp; 2<br>b. Layer 2 &amp; 3 <br>c. Layer 3 &amp; 4 <br>d. Layer 4 &amp; 5</div>

<div style="display: block;">In IPv4, a subnet mask is used to determine _______. <br>a. the network portion of an IP address<br>b. the host portion of an IP address<br>c. the destination MAC address<br>d. the source MAC address</div>

<div style="display: block;">IP is __________ and ___________. <br>a. unreliable, connectionless<br>b. reliable, connectionless<br>c. unreliable, connection-oriented <br>d. reliable, connection-oriented</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of the following is not a wireless technology used to connect PAN devices? <br>a. bluetooth<br>b. infrared (IR)<br>c. near-field communication (NFC) <br>d. Wi-Max</div>

<div style="display: block;">Ethernet uses _______ transmission. <br>a. broadband<br>b. baseband<br>c. wideband <br>d. narrowband</div>

<div style="display: block;">What kind of document serves as a legally binding contract or part of a contract that defines, in plain language and in measurable terms, the aspects of a service provided to a customer?<br>a. statement of work<br>b. memorandum of understanding <br>c. service-level agreement<br>d. master service agreement</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which subnet mask below is equivalent to /24 in CIDR notation? <br>a. 255.0.0.0<br>b. 255.255.0.0<br>c. 255.255.255.0 <br>d. 255.255.255.24</div>

<div style="display: block;">The 1000Base-T Ethernet standard specifies a maximum throughput of: <br>a. 1000 bps (kilobit)<br>b. 1000 Kbps (megabit)<br>c. 1000 Mbps (gigabit)<br>d. 1000 Gbps (terabit)</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of the following is an advantage of fibre-optic cable over copper cable? <br>a. less expensive<br>b. able to carry signals for longer distances <br>c. easier to install<br>d. can plug directly into most workstations</div>

<div style="display: block;">What are the last two parts of a host name known as? <br>a. top level domain<br>b. fully qualified domain name (FQDN)<br>c. domain name<br>d. host qualifier</div>

<div style="display: block;">The major difference between IPv4 and IPv6 is that: <br>a. IPv6 is a Transport layer protocol<br>b. IPv6 can carry more types of data than IPv4<br>c. IPv6 has a much larger address space<br>d. IPv6 uses domain names directly, rather than numeric addresses</div>

<div style="display: block;">The TLD (top-level domain) in http://www.google.com is: <br>a. http<br>b. www <br>c. google <br>d. com</div>

<div style="display: block;">The subnet mask 255.0.0.0 is equivalent to ________. <br>a. /8<br>b. /16 <br>c. /24 <br>d. /255</div>

<div style="display: block;">What utility is used to verify that TCP/IP installed, bound to the NIC, configured correctly, and communicating with the network?<br>a. arp<br>b. ifconfig <br>c. ping<br>d. route</div>

<div style="display: block;">Which of the following is the most widely used networking medium for modern Ethernet LANs? <br>a. twisted pair cable<br>b. coaxial cable<br>c. fibre-optics<br>d. infrared</div>
